1、System architecture:
    The blockchain is a distributed system consisting of many nodes that
    communicate with each other. The blockchain runs programs called chaincode,
    holds state and ledger data, and executes transactions.
    1) Transactions:
      Transactions may be of two types:
      a、 Deploy transactions create new chaincode and take a program as
         parameter. When a deploy transaction executes successfully, the
         chaincode has been installed “on” the blockchain.
      b、 Invoke transactions perform an operation in the context of previously
         deployed chaincode. An invoke transaction refers to a chaincode and to
         one of its provided functions.
         When successful, the chaincode executes the specified function - which
         may involve modifying the corresponding state, and returning an output.
    2) Datastructures:
       a、 state:
          The latest state of the blockchain (or, simply, state) is modeled as a
          versioned key/value store (KVS), where keys are names and values are
          arbitrary blobs.
       b、 Ledger:
          Ledger provides a verifiable history of all successful state changes
          (we talk about valid transactions) and unsuccessful attempts to change
          state (we talk about invalid transactions), occurring during the
          operation of the system.
    3) Nodes:
          Nodes are the communication entities of the blockchain.
          There are three types of nodes:
            a、Client or submitting-client: a client that submits an actual
            transaction-invocation to the endorsers, and broadcasts transaction-
            proposals to the ordering service.
            b、Peer: a node that commits transactions and maintains the state and
            a copy of the ledger (see Sec, 1.2). Besides, peers can have a special
            endorser role.
            c、Ordering-service-node or orderer: a node running the communication
            service that implements a delivery guarantee, such as atomic or total
            order broadcast.
