components in a blockchain
  1、ledger
    A ledger is a channel's chain and current state data which is maintained
    by each peer on the channel.
    A ledger often consists of two data structures:
      a) A linked list of blocks:
          Each blcok describles a set of transactions
          Immutable - blocks cannot be tampered
      b) An ordinary database(e.g. key/value store)
          Stores the combined outputs of all transactions
          Not usually immutable
  2、Smart Contract:
    software runnung on a ledger to oncode assets and the transaction instructions
    (Business logic) for modifying the assets.
    A smart contract defines the rules that govern the entire blockchain network
    like the rules that govern a card or board gam
  3、Peer Network:
    A broader term overarching the entire transaction flow, which servers to
    generate an agreement on the order and to confirm the correctness of the
    set of transaction constituting a block.
  4、Membership:
    Membership Services authenticates,authorizes,and manages identities on a
    permissioned blockchain network.
  5、Events:
    Creates notifacations of significant operations on the blockchain(eg a new
    block),as well as notifications related to smart contracts.
    Does not include event distribution.
  6、System Management:
    Provides the ability to create ,change and monitor Blockchain components.
  7、Wallet:
    Securely manages a user's security credentials
  8、System Integration:
    Responsible for Integration Blockchain bi-directionally with external systems.
    Not part of Blockchain, but used with it .

Q: What's the purpose of the ordering service?
A: Orders transactions on a first-come-first-serve basis for all channels on the network
Transactions typically follow a seven-step process to become a block on the chain.
Pseudonymous blockchains, such as Bitcoin, aren't well suited to business networks
because you can't know who the participants are.
Most business networks should use private blockchains based on Hyperledger Fabric
 so that you know who is participating in the network.
Q: When you define an asset, transaction, or participant, what does --> before a field signify?
A: Key field
Q: In a blockchain solution, which actor is responsible for deployment and
management of smart contracts in a production environment?
A: Blockchain administrator or operator
