

特点：
    RPC interface
    Data validation
    Error handing
    Business logic
    Access control
consensus 一致 provenance 起源 finality 定局

Q：What does the blockchain solution administrator typically do?
A: Provisions the target environment on the fabric

components in a blockchain
  1、ledger
    A ledger is a channel's chain and current state data which is maintained
    by each peer on the channel.
    A ledger often consists of two data structures:
      a) A linked list of blocks:
          Each blcok describles a set of transactions
          Immutable - blocks cannot be tampered
      b) An ordinary database(e.g. key/value store)
          Stores the combined outputs of all transactions
          Not usually immutable
  2、Smart Contract:
    software runnung on a ledger to oncode assets and the transaction instructions
    (Business logic) for modifying the assets.
    A smart contract defines the rules that govern the entire blockchain network
    like the rules that govern a card or board gam
  3、Peer Network:
    A broader term overarching the entire transaction flow, which servers to
    generate an agreement on the order and to confirm the correctness of the
    set of transaction constituting a block.
  4、Membership:
    Membership Services authenticates,authorizes,and manages identities on a
    permissioned blockchain network.
  5、Events:
    Creates notifacations of significant operations on the blockchain(eg a new
    block),as well as notifications related to smart contracts.
    Does not include event distribution.
  6、System Management:
    Provides the ability to create ,change and monitor Blockchain components.
  7、Wallet:
    Securely manages a user's security credentials
  8、System Integration:
    Responsible for Integration Blockchain bi-directionally with external systems.
    Not part of Blockchain, but used with it .
Consensus algorithms:
  Proof of work:
     Require validators to solve difficult cryptographic puzzles
     PROs: Works in  untrusted networks
     CONs: Relies on energy use;
           Slow to confir transactions
     Example usage: Bitcoin Ethereum

     Proof of stake:
        Require validators to hold currency in escrow
        PROs: Works in  untrusted networks
        CONs: Requires intrinsic(crypto) currency;
              "Nothing at stake" problem
        Example usage: Nxt

     Proof of Elapsed Time :
        Wait time in a trusted execution environment randomizes block generation
        PROs: Efficient
        CONs: Currently tailored towards one vendor;
        Example usage: Sawtooth-Lake
